README.md, before:

# mlnn
Machine Learning and Neural Networks

#### Course Instructors

- Mahmoud Lababidi (<mlab@jhu.edu> | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/lababidi) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahmoudlababidi) | [Github](https://github.com/lababidi))


#### Textbooks
<table>
<tr>

<td align="center">
<a href="https://hastie.su.domains/ISLR2/ISLRv2_website.pdf">
 <img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41gFA6VK4uL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="An Introduction to Statistical Learning: with Applications in R"/>
</a>
<p>Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani</p>
</td>

<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/janishar/mit-deep-learning-book-pdf/blob/master/complete-book-pdf/Ian%20Goodfellow%2C%20Yoshua%20Bengio%2C%20Aaron%20Courville%20-%20Deep%20Learning%20(2017%2C%20MIT).pdf">
<img height="200px" src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Z1oazYPbL._SX382_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" 
alt="Deep Learning"/></a>
<p>Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, Aaron Courville</p>
</td>

</tr>

</table>

#### Recommended Textbooks
<table>

<tr>

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51Cf7c2AlpL._SX379_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python"/></a>
<p>
Joel Grus, SWE Google
<br/>
(<a href="https://twitter.com/joelgrus">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/joelgrus">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://github.com/joelgrus">Github</a>)
</p>
</td>

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Python-Data-Analysis-Wrangling-IPython/dp/1449319793"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/514byZUF8nL._SX375_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="Python for Data Analysis: Data Wrangling with Pandas, NumPy, and IPython"/></a>
<p>
Wes McKinney, Creator of Pandas
<br/>
(<a href="https://twitter.com/wesmckinn">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wesmckinn">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://github.com/wesm">Github</a>)
</p>
</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<!-- <td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Statistical-Learning-Applications-Statistics/dp/1461471370"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41gFA6VK4uL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="An Introduction to Statistical Learning: with Applications in R"/></a>
<p>Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani</p>
</td> -->

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/The-Elements-Statistical-Learning-Prediction/dp/0387848576"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/410uiMCNntL._SX330_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction, Second Edition"/></a>
<p>Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, Jerome Friedman</p>
</td>

</tr>

</table>

#### Python Learning Resources

- [Code Academy](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/python)
- [Think Python 2](http://greenteapress.com/thinkpython2/html/index.html)
- [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/index.html)


# Useful Links
 - [Interesting Python notebooks]( https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-Jupyter-and-IPython-Notebooks)
 - [Numerics in Python Notebooks](https://github.com/ketch/teaching-numerics-with-notebooks/blob/master/Introducing%20the%20IPython%20Notebook.ipynb)
 - [Pandas Tutorial Notebook](https://github.com/brandon-rhodes/pycon-pandas-tutorial)
 - [Accompanying Pandas Tutorial Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JnMutdy6Fw)
 - [Free Calculus Book from MIT](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-18-001-calculus-online-textbook-spring-2005/textbook/)
 - [Hadley Wickman's Advice on being a Data Scientist](https://gist.github.com/hadley/820f09ded347c62c2864)

Commit message:

add portfolio to read me

README.md, after:

# mlnn
Machine Learning and Neural Networks Portfolio
### changing all this shit.
#### Course Instructors

- Mahmoud Lababidi (<mlab@jhu.edu> | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/lababidi) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahmoudlababidi) | [Github](https://github.com/lababidi))


#### Textbooks
<table>
<tr>

<td align="center">
<a href="https://hastie.su.domains/ISLR2/ISLRv2_website.pdf">
 <img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41gFA6VK4uL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="An Introduction to Statistical Learning: with Applications in R"/>
</a>
<p>Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani</p>
</td>

<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/janishar/mit-deep-learning-book-pdf/blob/master/complete-book-pdf/Ian%20Goodfellow%2C%20Yoshua%20Bengio%2C%20Aaron%20Courville%20-%20Deep%20Learning%20(2017%2C%20MIT).pdf">
<img height="200px" src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Z1oazYPbL._SX382_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" 
alt="Deep Learning"/></a>
<p>Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, Aaron Courville</p>
</td>

</tr>

</table>

#### Recommended Textbooks
<table>

<tr>

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51Cf7c2AlpL._SX379_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python"/></a>
<p>
Joel Grus, SWE Google
<br/>
(<a href="https://twitter.com/joelgrus">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/joelgrus">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://github.com/joelgrus">Github</a>)
</p>
</td>

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Python-Data-Analysis-Wrangling-IPython/dp/1449319793"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/514byZUF8nL._SX375_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="Python for Data Analysis: Data Wrangling with Pandas, NumPy, and IPython"/></a>
<p>
Wes McKinney, Creator of Pandas
<br/>
(<a href="https://twitter.com/wesmckinn">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wesmckinn">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://github.com/wesm">Github</a>)
</p>
</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<!-- <td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Statistical-Learning-Applications-Statistics/dp/1461471370"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41gFA6VK4uL._SX329_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="An Introduction to Statistical Learning: with Applications in R"/></a>
<p>Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani</p>
</td> -->

<td align="center">
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/The-Elements-Statistical-Learning-Prediction/dp/0387848576"><img height="200px" src="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/410uiMCNntL._SX330_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg" alt="The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction, Second Edition"/></a>
<p>Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, Jerome Friedman</p>
</td>

</tr>

</table>

#### Python Learning Resources

- [Code Academy](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/python)
- [Think Python 2](http://greenteapress.com/thinkpython2/html/index.html)
- [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/index.html)


# Useful Links
 - [Interesting Python notebooks]( https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-Jupyter-and-IPython-Notebooks)
 - [Numerics in Python Notebooks](https://github.com/ketch/teaching-numerics-with-notebooks/blob/master/Introducing%20the%20IPython%20Notebook.ipynb)
 - [Pandas Tutorial Notebook](https://github.com/brandon-rhodes/pycon-pandas-tutorial)
 - [Accompanying Pandas Tutorial Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JnMutdy6Fw)
 - [Free Calculus Book from MIT](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-18-001-calculus-online-textbook-spring-2005/textbook/)
 - [Hadley Wickman's Advice on being a Data Scientist](https://gist.github.com/hadley/820f09ded347c62c2864)
